Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
There were 23 people in my family.
Which ones did you kill?
Tell me!
And you?
You should leave.
I feel like I should learn
to forget things.
But each time I see you
I remember everything.
I don't want that anymore.
You want to forget me?
And I will!
We'll see how long you can last!
Talk!
What is your name?
Department Six is incompetent.
You've been here so long,
and your mouth is still sealed.
If I get you back to Dali Temple Prison,
I promise you'll tell me everything.
When I do, you'll think this place is heaven.
Yaohua,
I knew you didn't dare leave me here.
Face-shifting has a huge price.
It doesn't just cut your life short
it makes you age faster!
I don't want to live long.
I want to enjoy the time I do have.
The Sheriff King's murderer escaped.
If the Sheriff King's murderer escaped
from lronblood Prison,
that's a huge embarrassment for Department Six!
They should be used to it, after Emotionless
escaped from their prison.
Can you shut your mouth?
The emperor ordered Department Six
to solve the case within a month,
or the c0nstabu|ary's leaders
would be punished.
What?
I'm going back to Department Six.
Department Six is a disaster zone right now.
Going back there is killing yourself.
What if they can't solve the case?
They'll punish you too.
We can investigate too.
Precisely because they're a mess right now.
And,
for the Sheriff King.
He doesn't have official papers or a badge.
He just told me to come in and ask.
He said you'd approve it.
What are you doing here?
We've been waiting for you in the courtyard.
I was researching the case,
no time for formalities.
Right,
I looked up some information
about face—shifting,
like the killer knew.
Only one kind allows you
to turn into someone else
in an instant.
It comes from Penglai.
Did you hear about it in Penglai?
The most skilled Peng|ai's face-shifting
is a psychological effect.
It's just an illusion,
not actual face—shifting.
Illusion?
The face-shifter takes a potion
to boost their chi dissemination.
It makes others see things,
but it poisons the face-shifter
and drastically shortens their life.
They only survive by regular doses
of an antidote.
What antidote?
Every sect has their own secret recipe.
Just like your invisibility?
I don't take potions or medicine.
I have my spidersilk cloak and my own chi.
You knew she was from Penglai, didn't you?
Do you think I'm incompetent,
or do you think I was involved?
I'm kidding.
I know you don't care enough to suspect me.
Your Majesty, tours are no small matter!
Please use caution!
I wanted to go out in secret as a civilian,
you wouldn't let me.
Now you advise me to use caution.
I need to see how my people are doing.
What are you afraid of?
But too many people are out
on the Double Ninth!
Please reconsider, Your Majesty!
Should I go where there are no people?
Fool!
Your Majesty, entering the city
without protection
is too dangerous!
Your...Your Majesty! Please reconsider!
I understand your intentions.
But is there no risk hiding in the palace?
How long must I wait here?
I hear the people are unhappy.
I want to see just how unhappy.
I want to see, with my own eyes,
if what they say is the truth,
that I'm seen as a fool of a king?
Out Of my way!
Your Majesty!
What are you doing?
Out Of my way!
Is something the matter with your ears?
Your Majesty!
His Majesty wants to see his people!
Why are you stopping him?
VVhy?
This defiance is intolerable!
Is this how you guard your emperor?
Is it?
Your Majesty, my respects.
May I ask where you plan to go?
Would you like me
to dispatch guards to escort you?
Your concern is noted.
No thank you.
Then allow me to go with you.
Quickly! Inform the prince!
Notify Department Six! Hurry!
Your Majesty!
Department Six!
Reporting! The emperor will enter the city!
Eunch Wu requests an armed escort!
Let's go!
Did Chief Ji give you the order?
Aren't there rules around here?
Eagle Squad, move out.
Tiger Squad goes too.
Look...
Dingdong!
Bell! I haven't seen you in forever!
Without you around
Divine Constabulary is really quiet.
Listen,
Emotion less said
she wants to take us on a trip to
the northwest frontier.
The frontier?!
You'd all freeze to death.
Here, if you're cold, drink something hot.
I'm going to go find some food.
Candy! Candy!
-How muCh'?NAME?
Here.
Emotionless...
Make way! Make way!
Department Six is working on the scene.
Why are all these Department Six people here?
Emotionless, is something going on?
It looks like it.
It's Coldbloodl
Emotionless, should we go check it out?
I don'twant to.
Then let's go back.
OK.
Let's go.
Coldblood, look.
Get back!
Your Majesty,
it's the prince.
Move!
It's the emperor's boat!
-Get the Eagle Squadron‘s boat here!
-Yes!
The rest of you, watch the shore!
Yes!
The prince is here!
Greetings, Your Majesty.
I heard you wished to see the city.
I came to provide protection.
You have my gratitude.
Come with me.
Thank you.
—It looks like the emperor!
—It is the emperor!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
Kneell Kneel down!
Long live the emperor!
Long live, long live the emperor!
His Majesty orders
that you may rise
and resume festivities.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Such support from your subjects
is pleasing to see.
Their support depends entirely
on my ministers.
Be careful!
Rescue their life, over there. Hurry
Quickly, rescue them, save their life
Move!
Something happened!
Teaching you to run fast is no good!
You don't have the chi control.
The Emperor was assassined
at the temple fair!
The water is too fast here!
Go to downstream and look for him!
There's no question,
it was the imperial bodyguard Liu Yong.
I don't know what to say.
No.
We found Liu Yong's body in the harbor.
He couldn't have been on the Emperor's boat.
It was a Penglai assassin.
He didn't want to escape.
His target was the Emperor.
Who knew before us that
the Emperor was leaving?
Me.
It must have been me.
What? Do you suspect me?
I'm to blame for not protecting him.
The fault is mine alone.
You were also a target.
You needn't blame yourself, my prince.
His Majetsy is blessed.
Heaven preserves worthy rulers.
Mr. Zhuge thinks His Majesty
was blessed today?!
Do you think otherwise?
No I don't.
And fortune will smile upon His Majesty.
What we do next is critical.
I think the prince should return
to Department Six with us
for questioning.
Dali Temple will want to know we did.
I agree.
Wait.
Does this performance amuse you?
Is it fun?
Every one of us knows Ji Yaohua
as sent to Department Six
because she saved the prince's life.
He recommended her.
Now she leads Department Six
because of his order.
And now Department Six
will investigate this case?
Will that convince anyone?
Does anyone still trust Department Six?
Then what do you suggest?
Department Six is responsible
for all crimes in the city.
That's the law.
Who could reproach us
for obeying the law?
Also, with the prime minster
and Dali Temple supervising us,
if anything untoward happens at Department Six,
it's hardly our fault!
A bold accusation!
Thank you for the compliment.
My name is Leng Lingqi.
So you're Coldblood.
Mr. Jiang,
escort the prince to Department Six.
Prince, if you would.
Good. We'll keep looking for the Emperor.
Look! Keep looking!
The Emperor is blessed!
I'm sure you'll find him!
Your Majesty, we're at the palace.
The Emperor is here! Open the gate!
Your Majesty!
Insolent fools! You dare affront the Emperor?!
You'll die forthis!
Don't stand there! Fool! Move!
They impersonated the Emperor! After them!
Don't let them get away! Go!
Go home! Martial law is in force!
Move! Move!
Martial Law
{BY ORDER OF DEPARTMENT SIX CHIEF
JI YAOHUA CITY UNDER MARTIAL LAW}
{THE CITY GATES SEALED CURFEW IN EFFECT
NO TRANSIT WITHIN 10 LI OF CITY}
The rest of you come with me.
Who are you? Halt!
Stop!
Your Majesty, Department Six constables
are everywhere.
First my uncle's men betray me,
and now even the palace gate guards
want to kill me!
Who can I trust?
Don't be afraid.
The court is full of people loyal to you.
Who doesn't want safety for the country?
Who doesn't want peace?
This is all just a plot by a few greedy men.
With only a word from you,
the people's hearts will be yours again.
If you can't trust anyone else,
you should at least trust Lord Zhuge Zhengwo.
Right. My mentor.
Let's go to the Divine Constabulary
to find him.
—More soldiers!
—They keep coming!
How can I get to find him?
Your Majesty, I have an idea.
Forgive me, Your Majesty.
Come to the Emperor's rescue!
Who are you? Stop!
Coldblood...
Coldblood,
did something happen at the temple fair?
Do you need our help?
Where is Yayu?
-She's as|eep.NAME?
Who is it?
It's Coldblood.
Aunt Poise,
I'm looking for Yayu.
Yayu is sleeping.
What do you need?
Excuse me.
Coldbloodl
Yayu...
Come back to Divine Constabulary.
Something has happened in the city
Someone tried to kill the Emperor.
We can't find him.
Zhuge Zhengwo needs your help.
You're very strange.
First you leave alone,
then you come back for me.
The one who tried to kill him
is the woman who killed the Sheriff King.
Don't you want to know who's behind this?
I'll say it one more time.
Your business has nothing to do with me.
I'm a traitor's daughter.
I can't help loyal subjects like you
protect the Emperor.
Don't forget,
the Emperor had my father killed.
Protecting him
is your business.
But the Sheriff King is my business.
You won't help me?
You should understand
why I went back to Department Six.
I don't understand you at all.
If you want someone to understand,
ask Ji Yaohua.
Now leave.
Then should I help explain?
Let's go.
Emotionless, let's go back upstairs.
If the Emperor isn't dead,
and hasn't gone back to the palace,
he'll be at the Divine Constabulary.
Let's go there.
Pack it up! Martial law!
Divine Constabulary is up ahead.
Hurry!
This is Divine Constabulary.
There's a curfew in effect.
I have to get home.
Wait.
This is a gift for you.
No!
It was nothing!
You're going to report a case?
You...you go ahead.
I have to go...
go now.
Is this Divine Constabulary?
The constables are out on a case.
Sir,
who are you looking for?
Zhuge Zhengwo.
Who are you?
Why are you looking for our chief?
I am the reigning Emperor.
Don't kneel!
Just tell him I'm here.
The Master is back.
He wants to see you.
If you want to leave,
it's too late now.
Why are you staring?
Bow to your master!
Master!
Don't be afraid.
Be careful with the fire.
And don't forget to water me.
Everything that was yours is still there.
The city is under curfew.
As soon as we get news that
the Emperor is dead,
the prime minister will find
competing successors.
Then he'll ask you to step in
and keep the peace.
As soon as they see you're still alive,
they'll do whatever you ask.
That little fox.
All he ever cares about is his own survival.
Get up.
He's gone.
Kneeling is uncomfortable.
Don't forget you belong to the An family!
Dismissed!
Yes.
I want to hear you speak.
Fine. I'll talk for you.
You don't have to listen to the old man.
Do I have a choice?
Unless...
You give me the antidote.
Everyone is afraid to die.
But if you think about it,
who doesn't die?
Tell me what I should do next?
A living person shouldn't ask a tree
for advice.
If you're afraid, find someone you can lean on.
I'm leaning on you right now.
Find a living person.
All I am now is a stool.
I still care about you.
Do you love me?
You're trying to become our queen, aren't you?
Master An's poisoned wine.
What about his poisoned wine?
Did you drink it?
I asked if you drank it?
ldid.
You weren't afraid?
You're afraid?
lam.
If you're nice to me,
I'll make sure you have nothing to fear.
Here
you won't find the antidote.
Where is he?
Here!
Impossible!
Come out!
Your Majesty!
-Get up.NAME?
-Come here.
—Your Majesty,
Sit.
Eat.
What do you want with me?
I haven't decided.
Who are you people
that you dare to treat me like this?
You look like a reasonable woman.
Why are you so brutal with me?
If I was reasonable
I would have killed you!
I am Sheng Dingtian's daughter.
Do you remember him?
Or have you murdered so many
you can't remember them?
You're Sheng Dingtian's daughter?
She has a reason
for keeping you here.
Since you have me,
just kill me!
There's no rush.
I will kill you.
Why is he in imperial robes?
Look!
He's not the Emperor.
He's the Emperor's eunuch.
He put on the imperial robes
to cover the Emperor's escape.
The Emperor is still alive.
Why doesn't he want to be found?
To protect himself.
If you were the Emperor,
who would you trust?
Of course Zhuge Zhengwo.
But he didn't come!
Maybe he can't come.
It's been two days.
Where could he go?
Lord An is providing grain!
Lord An is a good man.
An Yunshan pretends
to be a philanthropist again.
Chief Ji, a letter from Lord An.
Open the door!
You go inside and talk. I'm staying out here.
Come in with us. We're not strangers.
Prince, if the Emperor truly has been harmed,
you must take control of the situation.
I'm not fit to be a leader.
I'm happy to help His Majesty,
but there are some things
beyond my ability.
Prince,
this is no time for humbleness.
The most important thing now
is not to let it be known that
the Emperor is dead,
especially the imperial family's in-laws.
Prime Minister Cai wants them
to fight for the throne
and kill each other,
and then he'll strike.
You have that
strange scent from the An house on you.
Since when do you care what I smell like?
Maybe because I've been
researching corpse orchids?
No.
It's a very distinctive herb.
They have many strange herbs.
They're hard to tell apart.
VVhy?
Do you have a new clue?
Not yet.
Have you ever thought,
if the Emperor really is dead,
and the prime minister takes power,
what would happen to you?
There's no way to know.
If he takes power,
I'll be one of the first to die.
I dragged you into this.
You silly girl. Do you think that scares me?
I've always told you
to think of me as your own mother.
Avenging your parents‘ death
is my business too.
But you don't want me to kill him,
do you?
And if your uncle was in my position,
he wouldn't have wanted you to do it either.
You're such a saint,
always worried about what he would think!
But he might not think about
what I'm thinking about.
Aren't men always like that?
They're usually like that.
They're bad.
Men are all bad!
But Lengqi,
he probably wants
you to let the Emperor go, too,
you think?
Irons Hands has been here waiting for you.
He says things don't look too good right now.
He's concerned about your safety.
Coldbloodl
Not in your uniform tonight?
You look good in that.
Here, eat with us.
No thanks.
I have to go check out
the An house tonight. Who's coming?
Ji Yaohua won't let you go.
Never mind her.
This is rash.
How is this rash?
We should have gone ages ago.
The Emperor was attacked.
The Sheriff King is dead.
Are you really going to tell me
the Ans are innocent?
Are you afraid of the prime minster?
You can't go.
Why can't I go?
My interest is piqued.
Wait!
Probably Prime Minister Cai's men.
What do they want?
To search the place I guess.
Careful!
Protect Aunt Poise!
Let's go!
Save me!
Idiot! They're here to kill you!
I failed to protect you.
I beg Your Majesty's forgiveness.
Rise.
Thank you.
And you indulge her,
in this insanity?
Did I do something wrong?
If Yayu hadn't stepped in to save him
would he be sitting here right now?
My position is simple:
whatever Yayu wants,
I support her.
Can you stand here and say
you people have done everything right?
Who do you mean?
You and your Emperor!
I caught the man,
so punish me!
We'll discuss that later.
Lord Zhuge,
Eunch Wu kept me safe until she caught me.
-Did you find any trace of him?NAME?
Near the Hongqiao Market
we found a body
in imperial robes.
It was full of stab wounds.
I can only blame my cowardice
and my indecision.
In the end,
I let the others take the upper hand
of striking first.
You feared using troops would harm the people.
Your intention was good.
Lord Zhuge,
how are things at court right now?
The commoners are wavering,
and the ministers are Ieaderless.
The prime minister
is still hesitating about releasing news
of your death.
He commands all the palace guards.
He ordered all the generals
not to dispatch troops,
The nearest regular army are at Victory Pass.
I want to bring them here.
Do you have the imperial badge?
I don't have it with me.
If we want soldiers,
I'll have to go myself.
Have Department Six send an escort!
No.
Department Six and the Prime Minister Cai
have been odd lately.
They're connected.
I suspect Ji Yaohua has a keeper.
Then I'll take you.
No.
The capital's people are restless now.
I need you to keep my ministers in line.
I can only trust you.
Lingqi, Lueshang,
you two escort His Majesty.
Me?!
You.
This is very important.
Good luck.
Give me an hour
to get things ready.
I'll get us some help.
You had me for so long.
Why didn't you kill me?
If you had asked me to let you go,
I would have killed you.
But you didn't.
You seem so sure what you did was right.
I don't know if that's worth taking revenge on.
How about you?
Have you decided to let me go?
I haven't decided.
Then be careful.
I could change my mind anytime.
Life Snatcher asked us to come.
What happened?
I don't know.
DO you?
Be extra careful.
It's dangerous here.
You'll be safe at Divine Constabulary, Go back.
You suspect Ji Yaohua too?
I suspect a lot of people.
You're as confused as I am,
aren't you?
I'm not confused now.
Listen to me,
in my heart,
there's never been anyone else.
In the future, that won't change.
I'm scared, after this,
I won't have another chance to tell you.
Goodbye.
Life Snatcher,
everything's ready.
Good. Let's go!
Be careful.
Here,
have some sweet soup.
Nice!
Thank you.
It's good.
Really sweet.
Yayu,
it's good, rig ht?
Yayu, do you remember, when you were young,
I told you the story of black and white?
Mixing different colors of light makes white,
mixing different colors of pigment makes black.
Right.
Black and white have a common value.
There is white in black, and black in white.
It's quite a moving idea.
You don't separate black and white.
Good people and bad people are the same.
I just said people's nature is the same.
No one is completely good, or completely bad.
Good people and bad people
all have a good side,
and all make mistakes.
I do.
Everyone does.
DO you?
I thought you were always right.
I always make you angry.
That's wrong of me.
People...
shouldn't hold on to grudges forever.
What we're missing around here
are people who can make grudges disappear.
I hope you can become one.
I used to separate black and white.
I was light, I beat back the dark.
But...
But now...
my best friend Iron Hands
is my enemy.
The Emperor I hate,
when I caught him,
I Couldn't kill him.
I can't do anything.
I really...
I really don't know how to judge things.
You've judged without even acting.
The world is very difficult to understand.
But you know that.
You're an adult now.
I don't want to grow up.
And I don't want to understand.
I want to escape.
Intelligent people
all want to escape after they grow up.
But I hope you'll be like me,
someone not intelligent.
I don't know how to do that.
Neither do I.
Do you want to eat or not?
Do you really think I can change that much?
All I know how to do is try.
This is good.
What do you think of Ji Yaohua?
Apparently...
Apparently we can't trust her that much.
She's the chief of Department Six.
She controls the capital,
the situation is tacky.
But she killed An Shigeng,
and she saved Lingqi.
Really, white in black
and black in white.
I made you another prosthesis.
This one should be easier to use.
You'll just have to use
a little more mind power.
I'll help you put them on.
I'll do it myself.
You can't go in!
I'm talking to you! Did you hear me?!
Hey! What do you want here?!
Chief Ji understands that you're short of help.
During the curfew,
Department Six guards will ensure
the Divine Constabu|ary's safety.
You see?
It's obvious they're spying on us.
Should I have Big Wolf
put some drugs in their tea?
Forget it.
We don't have enough outhouses for the bodies.
All of you, stay alert.
Watch them in shifts.
OK.
I have something to announce.
Aunt Poise and I
are getting married.
It's time.
There is going to be a huge change
in these few days.
The time to fight is coming.
I don't want to regret it.
If you die,
I won't want to live.
And if I don't die,
I want you to outlive me.
Take care out there.
‘Til death do us part.
Mr. Zhuge,
have you seen Coldblood?
Miss Ji,
do you need something?
I've learned that
Minister Cai's men left the city.
I don't know where they went.
Does he know something about the Emperor?
I just hope the Emperor hasn't taken Coldblood
to find the troops outside the city.
They're in Minister Cai's pocket.
Really?
I'm sure Lengqi knows what he's doing.
Come in. Have some dinner.
Goodbye.
Wait.
Miss Ji,
if you want to tell the truth,
this is your last chance.
If you don't believe me,
you can read my mind.
I already did.
Then you should know what I'm thinking.
My skills aren't that accurate.
But I know you care about Coldblood.
I know you won't hurt him.
You're not afraid I'll steal him?
I've never worried about that.
Believe me, he really is in danger.
Please.
Youxia...
Master.
You stay here and protect them.
I'll be back soon.
Let's go.
Here, have some more.
You eat.
Why did everyone leave?
Chief Ji has orders!
Burn Divine Constabulary!
Don't let anyone escape!
Did you hear me?
Pull!
Release!
Here's the liquor!
Do you think
he'll make a good Emperor?
Can I have something to eat?
Well, I trust him.
I hope he's right.
Do you have any silver?
Yeah.
Buy everything at the market.
I want to give it to the starving people.
Buy all of it?! How much would that cost?
Do you know how many beggars there are here?
That's an imperial decree.
Your...
Your Majesty,
surviving this trip will take secrecy.
If we do this,
you're exposing us,
and
that‘ll be the last of any majesty of yours,
alright?
Guys, I want to say thank you.
Don't worry about it!
What is it?
He wants to feed all the beggars.
Interested?
I'm curious,
are all common women
|ike...|ike that?
Like what?
Temperamental, direct, disobedient!
The women in the palace
wouldn't ever treat me like that.
Women, who knows?
They're complicated.
That Miss Sheng is the same.
I find her very interesting.
It's a shame she's a cripple.
You like her?
Excuse me?!
Look out!
Hurry! Protect them!
Go!
Move!
Lingqi!
Ml’. Zhuge!
I'm flattered you made time to compete with me.
Your woman is in hell now.
She'll be waiting for you.
Ji Yaohua
is my family's best servant.
And you recognize this?
You're all that's left
of the Divine Constabulary!
You two go find the rest of them!
Hurry!
Protect the Emperor! Go!
Master!
Go!
A lifetime of chi reserves, Mr. Zhuge.
Thank you.
Life Snatcher.
How is it? Here, let me see.
I'll go out and look.
OK. Be careful.
Can someone tell me
that they're not all dead?!
That this is just a bad dream?!
I want them to come back.
I want to tell Iron Hands,
I forgive him,
that we can start over again.
I believed Ji Yaohua.
I believed her
because I didn't want to hate her,
because I wanted to forgive.
But look
what I've done!
—Yayu...
-Tell me!
—Tell me!
-Don't be like this.
This is all a dream, right?
Yayu,
just listen to me, alright?
Do you understand? You've done nothing wrong.
You shouldn't blame yourself.
You have to realize,
if they knew you blamed yourself,
they would feel terrible.
What's so good about me,
that you follow me everywhere?
There's nothing good about you, that's why.
And I'm just about the same.
Hey, let's go get some water.
OK.
I have some food here. Want some?
Life Snatcher! Who...who is he?
Him?
You don't know my title?
Title?
He has a title?
The Emperor!
-The Emperor?
-What?!
Then why are you risking your lives
to protect me’?
Not everyone wants to bask
in the imperial halo,
or wants to gain something from you.
They are here for their friend,
to do the right thing!
Life Snatcher asked them to protect someone,
so they came.
It's that simple.
Someone like you
wouldn't understand.
What do we do next?
All we can do
is take me to General Di as soon as possible,
and take him back to the city.
Ji Yaohua said General Di
is Minister Cai's man.
And you believe what she told you?
You have to believe me,
I can still win this fight for you!
I will avenge
Lord Zhuge's life for all of you!
Why should we believe you'll save us?!
Do you know how many people died for you?
Why should we believe you?!
-What did you say?NAME?
If it weren't for your indulgence,
we wouldn't be here today!
Don't I want to wipe out the traitors?
I've been looking for proof.
You're incompetent.
I'm incompetent?
If not for the peace of my kingdom,
why would I tolerate them?
Who ever thinks about how it hurts me?
Does it hurt you?
Then get off the throne!
You traitor!
I'll kill you!
He is my enemy.
But if I kill him,
even more innocent people will die.
With Lord Zhuge's last words
he asked us to escort the Emperor.
You don't have to trust this man,
but you should trust Zhuge Zhengwo!
If he wants to go die,
then our job is to go die with him!
Soldiers!
A lot of soldiers are coming!
Well, looks like this is it!
You guys should go first.
Coming all this way just to leave?
What kind of friends are we?
Yeah!
Do we have any other choice?
We've done it!
We're marching into the palace.
My son,
I want you to be Emperor!
Do you remember the game we played
when I was young?
We pretended to be wooden dolls.
We weren't allowed to talk,
OF ITIOVB.
I believed that our desire moved the world.
But now I know desire is rashness.
You never learn, do you?!
You make me ashamed!
Welcome His Majesty's safe return!
Through fortune, courage, and prowess,
he personally captured traitor Zhuge Zhengwo,
and preserved peace for his people!
Rise!
Our thanks, Your Majesty.
What pains me most
is watching my people suffer
because I let treacherous ministers
fight for power.
I am unworthy
of the title of Emperor.
So I have decided to give it up.
I wish to abdicate to Lord An.
Your Majesty, please reconsider!
Retract your edict!
Your Majesty, no!
This is too rash!
If Lord An takes the throne,
the kingdom and people will benefit.
I fear the kingdom won't accept me!
Lord An's integrity is known to all,
and the Emperor abdicates to him!
Who would dare question it?
Who would dare disobey?
Your Majesty's reign has been disorderly.
Corrupt officials hold power
and bleed the state.
If we desire peace,
the root of corruption must be removed!
There was one insolent whelp
who stirred up rumors of assassination.
Today,
I intend to see that he pays!
You traitor!
I was loyal to you...|...
I thought...| did was had to be done,
and endured so many insults.
Why would you do this to me?
You've enjoyed so much
wealth and luxury.
If you don't die,
I lose credibility.
Thank you for your service.
He's not the only traitor present!
Guards!
Bring in Zhuge Zhengwo!
Who ordered his bonds loosened?
-What's going on?NAM E?
What I was looking for that day
wasn't a cure for the poison,
it was the antidote to your spell.
So you didn't care about your life.
Everyone, get behind me!
An Yunshan, for the crime of treason,
Department Six places you under arrest!
Quite a show!
Quite an incredible show.
You killed Minister Cai,
so it seems I won't be needing General Di
to prove the Minister's guilt.
Did you really think I was dead?
You should understand,
money can't buy everyone.
No matter how much you gave General Di,
he reported everything to me,
because we are friends
who would die for each other!
And luckily Ji Yaohua informed us
so we could come back in time to see your show.
Everyone listen!
My army has occupied the palace.
Because most of you were lied to by An Yunshan,
if you surrender now,
will be lenient!
Make sure everyone gets out safely!
Come on, quick!
Let me go.
I'll give you the antidote.
You're still the woman I trained with.
You killed the Sheriff King.
I can't let you go.
You and I are both going to hell.
The question is who goes first,
right?
Careful!
I'll find the antidote.
Save it.
Aunt Poise and her people are fine.
Don't worry.
It won't help.
Emotionless...
Don't...
Don't lose him.
And...
help me take care of...
my sisters...
Shield formation!
-You 0kay?NAME?
Careful, he can absorb our power!
I don't care. He's going down.
-So evil!
—Your Majesty!
It's dangerous here!
I'll hold him off,
you get out of here.
You've always wanted me to be a good emperor.
If I go now,
I'm nothing but a coward.
No one will call me emperor then.
Attack!
Die!
If you want to kill him,
you'll have to step over our dead bodies.
Would I not make
a better ruler than this waste?
Obey me,
and both you and the nation benefit.
The world
doesn't need men who consider life worthless!
What are a few lives
in the pursuit of something grand?
Stepping over our dead bodies...
If you want to fight me
look at what you're capable of first.
Wait. Don't forget me.
It looks like I'm the only one
who can beat you.
I've taken all your power, you're a shell!
How would you fight me?
Nothing is more powerful
than having nothing left to lose.
Your greed knows no bounds.
But now strength from every faction
is clashing within you.
You won't survive.
A delusional fantasy!
Brag when you have the power!
I have nothing left to lose.
Are you alright?
I'm fine.
Uncle!
I am worse than useless.
A moment of impulsiveness
brought me to defeat.
I beg forgiveness.
Forgive me!
You abase yourself.
The rebels are eliminated,
and you did more than anyone.
How is your recovery coming along?
Your Majesty,
my power will return in time.
Perfect.
The Divine Constabulary
was key in stopping this rebellion.
Name your reward,
and I will see it granted.
None of us require a reward.
To obey your orders
and preserve peace for the people is enough.
But Department Six's sacrifice
WES grave.
Yes.
I have decided to
give Department Six to Leng Lingqi.
Lord Leng.
I think, with you in charge of Department Six,
Lord Liu's spirit in heaven
will finally be able to rest.
If there is another case at court
where the law is violated,
does Department Six have the right
to investigate?
Of course!
If it has something to do with you,
can we investigate you?
Yes! I demand you investigate.
Royals and commoners are equal under the law.
Are you satisfied now?
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Interested?
Of course!
Good stuff!
I'm enough of a friend, aren't I?
Miss Sheng,
I need to speak with you.
this rebellion
revealed many truths to us.
Twelve years ago,
Minister Cai wanted your father dead,
so he fabricated charges of treason.
Your father was never disloyal.
The day I ordered your family killed,
Iwas wrong.
I was used by treacherous men.
If you want to avenge your family,
I find that reasonable.
All that matters now is
that the truth is exposed.
The order to kill an entire family
is one I'll never use again.
I'll come back to have hotpot with you.
Let's go.
What is it?
Where there are shadows,
there is light.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org